(upbeat music)
♪ You have to learn to pace yourself ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ You're just like everybody else ♪
♪ You've only had to run so far ♪
♪ So good ♪
♪ But you will come to a place ♪
♪ Where the only thing you feel ♪
♪ Are loaded guns in your face ♪
♪ And you'll have to deal with ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ You used to call me paranoid ♪
♪ But even you cannot avoid ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ You turned the tap
dance into your crusade ♪
♪ Now here you are with your faith ♪
♪ And your Peter Pan advice ♪
♪ You have no scars on your face ♪
♪ And you cannot handle pressure ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ All grown up and no place to go ♪
♪ Psych 1, Psych 2 ♪
♪ What do you know ♪
♪ All your life is Channel 13 ♪
♪ Sesame Street ♪
♪ What does it mean ♪
♪ I'll tell you what it means ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ Don't ask for help ♪
♪ You're all alone ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ You'll have to answer ♪
♪ To your own ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ I'm sure you'll have
some cosmic rationale ♪
♪ But here you are in the ninth ♪
♪ Two men out and three men on ♪
♪ Nowhere to look but inside ♪
♪ Where we all respond to ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ All your life is Time magazine ♪
♪ I read it too ♪
♪ What does it mean ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ I'm sure you'll have
some cosmic rationale ♪
♪ But here you are with your faith ♪
♪ And your Peter Pan advice ♪
♪ You have no scars on your face ♪
♪ And you cannot handle pressure ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ One, two, three, four ♪